Ingredients
Crust

1 cup pecans chopped

3 tablespoons granulated sugar
½ cup unsalted butter melted
1 cup all-purpose flour
Cream cheese layer
8 ounce cream cheese
1 cup powdered sugar also known as icing sugar or confectioner's sugar, use 1/2 cup for less sweetness
1 cup cool whip or whipped cream
Vanilla pudding
5.1 ounce instant vanilla pudding
2 cups milk
Chocolate Pudding
5.1 ounce instant chocolate pudding
2 cups milk
Toppings
2 cups cool whip or whipped cream
shaved chocolate optional
Instructions
Preheat oven to 350°F.
Spray a 9x13 inch baking dish with cooking spray.
In a mixer mix all the crust ingredients together and press the mixture into the prepared baking dish.
Bake it for about 20 minutes.
Prepare the vanilla pudding as per the instructions on the package. As noted I used 2 cups of milk instead of the 3 cups on the package instructions to get a firmer pudding. 
Prepare the chocolate pudding as per the instructions on the package. As noted I used 2 cups of milk instead of the 3 cups on the package instructions to get a firmer pudding.
In a mixer add the cream cheese, powdered sugar and the cup of whipped cream. Mix until light and fluffy.
Let the crust cool. Spread the cream cheese mixture over the crust evenly. Spread the vanilla pudding over the cream cheese layer, then the chocolate pudding. Spread the whipped cream as the last layer then top with shaved chocolate if preferred.
Refrigerate for a couple hours until it sets before serving.
Notes
I used 2 cups of milk for my pudding, because I wanted a firmer pudding for the layers here, but feel free to use 3 cups of milk just as the instructions say.
Sift the powdered sugar. No one wants to bite into a lump of powdered sugar. Sifting helps to ensure that the cream cheese layer is velvety smooth. 
Use less milk. Reduce the amount of milk used to make the pudding to make it a bit thicker. This will help the dessert maintain its shape when cut. 
Chill the dessert. You must chill the sex in a pan for at least a couple of hours to allow it time to set. If you don’t it will taste amazing but it will be a sloppy mess.